[Sema] Add check for bitfield assignments to larger integral types (#68276)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  the preprocessed text to the output. This can greatly reduce the size of the
  preprocessed output, which can be helpful when trying to reduce a test case.

> * ``-conversion-bitfield-assign`` was added to detect assignments of integral

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``-Wbitfield-conversion`` was added to detect assignments of integral
```

Author: thanks for seeing that :) fixed.
